This License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between You as an individual ("You" / "Licensee") and Hubtag, a Limited Liability Company with its principal place of business at Startup Hall 1100 NE Campus Parkway Seattle Washington United States, ("Licensor"), and is effective as of the date this Agreement is accepted ("Effective Date").

By accepting this Agreement, downloading, deploying, installing, activating, copying or otherwise using the Hubtag Caster (“Software”), You agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not install the Hubtag Products.

1. Grant of License and Ownership. Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, Licensor grants You a non­exclusive, nontransferable license to use the Hubtag Caster Software for purposes defined by the type of license for the Hubtag products that you have acquired (the "Purpose").

2. Installation and Use. Licensor is providing the Hubtag Products to You for installation on any single computer.

a. Responsibility for User Accounts and Passwords. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of User Accounts and Passwords. You agree to immediately notify Hubtag of any unauthorized use of Your account of which You become aware. Otherwise, all guarantees as to service and performance given by Hubtag to You shall be suspended.

b. Improper Use. The Hubtag Caster may be used only for lawful purposes. Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material protected by patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws. 

3. Intellectual Property Rights. Licensor shall retain all rights, title and interest in the Hubtag Caster Software, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights embodied therein. You will not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Hubtag Caster Software, other than those specified in this Agreement. All third party licensors and suppliers retain all rights, title and interest in third party software and all copies thereof, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights. Licensor does not claim any rights to any product or material produced by You, by use of the Hubtag Caster Software, unless that content is claimed by a third party.

4. License Restrictions. The Hubtag Caster Software is distributed along side Open Broadcast Software (“OBS”). Both OBS and parts of the Hubtag Caster Software are products of the GNU General Public Licence Version 2 (GPLv2). For the components of the Hubtag Caster Software which do not fall under the terms of the GPLv2, you may not authorize or participate in any way to: (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Hubtag portion of this Software; (ii) modify, or create derivative works based upon the Hubtag portion of this Software in whole or part; (iii) distribute copies of the Hubtag Caster Software; (iv) remove or change any proprietary rights notices or labels on the Hubtag Caster Software; or (v) resell, lease, rent, transfer, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Hubtag Caster Software. Any use in violation of this Section 6 shall immediately terminate this Agreement.

5. Term and Termination. Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement without any notice, at any time. You have the right to use the Hubtag Caster Software for the Purpose from the period commencing upon acceptance of this Agreement and ending upon termination date that may be specified by Licensor. Upon termination of this Agreement, all functionality of the Hubtag Caster Software will be deactivated and You must destroy and erase from computer memory the Hubtag Caster Software and all integrated third party software unless otherwise specified in this agreement or in accompanying documentation. You can terminate this agreement at any time by destroying and erasing from computer memory the Hubtag Caster Software and all integrated third party software.

6. Confidential Information. You  acknowledge and agree that any information, documentation,  product related information or any other proprietary technology or know­how related to the Hubtag Caster Software, that cannot reasonably be considered public knowledge, that might be disclosed to You by Licensor, constitute "Confidential Information" of Licensor, and You agree to keep the same confidential and not to use the same for any purpose, other than the purpose for which Licensor disclosed this information to You. You will protect the Confidential Information by using the same degree of care as You would use to protect Your own Confidential Information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, from the unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the Confidential Information. You agree to hold all Confidential Information in confidence for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement.

7. Rights to Feedback. You agree that any reports that You provide to Licensor, including but not limited to suggestions, recommendations, ideas, and/or bug reports, all authorized modifications by You to the Hubtag Caster Software, or any other information you provide Licensor in relation to the Hubtag Caster Software (“Feedback”) shall be deemed non confidential, and by providing Licensor with such Feedback, You are granting Licensor, under Your intellectual property rights, a world wide, royalty free, irrevocable and nonexclusive license, to use and disclose the Feedback in any manner Licensor chooses and to display, perform, copy, make, have made, use, sell, and otherwise dispose of Licensor’s products embodying such Feedback in any manner and via any media Licensor may choose, without reference or obligation to You.

8. No Obligation. Licensor is under no obligation to further develop, maintain or market the Hubtag Caster Software or to release production or general availability versions.

9. No Warranty. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE HUBTAG CASTER SOFTWARE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION  ARE  BEING  DELIVERED  "AS  IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  IN  NO  EVENT  WILL  LICENSOR  BE  LIABLE  TO  YOU  OR  ANY  OTHER  PERSON  FOR  DAMAGES,  DIRECT  OR INDIRECT, OF ANY NATURE OR EXPENSES INCURRED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE HUBTAG PRODUCTS. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE TO TERMINATE THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH NO REFUND OPTIONS FOR UNUSED LICENSE PERIOD.

a. Licensor's Rights to Change Technology in Future Releases. You have the right to accept updates and new releases that may be offered for the Hubtag Caster Software by the Licensor in the license period. At the discretion of the Licensor, the Licensor may maintain access to older releases than the current official release for You to use. At any time Licensor has the right to change third party software that is integrated into the Hubtag Caster Software. When upgrading you are also accepting that you may lose rights to earlier versions and releases of the Hubtag Caster Software as well as any integrated third party software that may no longer be used.

b. Licensor's rights to Provide Additional Services, Features, and Offers to Personal and Premium Licensees. The Licensor reserves the right to provide additional services, features and offers to Licensees who have acquired a higher license type of the Hubtag Caster Software than your current license type; a higher license type meaning any license type that is, for the same licensing period, generally offered at a fee, or may have different features, than your current license type.

c. Licensor’s Responsibilities in Regards to Online Streaming Services. The Hubtag Caster Software may be intended for streaming to a certain Online Streaming Service to which the Hubtag Caster Software supports. Licensor does not guarantee that any plugin for any Online Streaming Service is continually kept functional, since the Licensor cannot control the continued operation of the Online Streaming Service's services nor the continued maintenance of the Online Streaming Service's streaming API (Application Programming Interface). The Licensor's support for streaming to any Online Streaming Service may be discontinued for any number of reasons for which the Licensor will take no responsibility.

11. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor from any and all claims, liability and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out Your breach of any provision of this Agreement or Your use of the Hubtag Caster Software, including, but not limited to, the use of the Hubtag Caster Software to infringe on any third party intellectual property rights.

12. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America, without reference to its choice of law provisions. You agree that this Agreement supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral, and all other communications between Licensor and You relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Licensor may change the terms of this Agreement at any time by posting modified terms on its website.

13. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, it shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if said provision had never been contained in this Agreement.

14. Privacy Policy. Any personal information obtained by, or stored by, Licensor including, but not limited to, address, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, email address, third party Application login information, or Online Streaming Service analytics will never be sold to, given to or otherwise share with any third party Company or Individual.



GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2, June 1991

Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.

Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.

3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:

a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)

The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.

If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.

6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.

8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
